the biggest opportunity in a lifetime is
going on I've been covering it here on
this channel we have another layer that
I need to discuss today you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you today we are going to talk about
that opportunity that's been going on of
course the Gap that has been created
will cause this to be even bigger than
most expect now what we are going to
talk about here is of course what's
happening with energy we're going to
look at copper we're going to look at
uranium we are going to look at electric
vehicles we're going to look at solar
all of that stuff and of course AI
artificial intelligence you got to keep
your eyes peeled for this because this
is what all of those are interested in
Nvidia and what's the next Nvidia and
what about Tesla I thought that was
something too all of that here no time
to waste first things first the copper
opportunity in one chart so I'm going to
give a shout out to the finance Friday
crew this is something something we talk
about extensively and I will expand on
this further uh by the time you are
watching this video we will be talking
about it in depth okay but you could see
it for now everybody gets a little
preview into the things that we'll talk
about on the finance Friday projected
copper Demand versus the supply you see
that problem you see that well if you
can't see it it is a line that's going
across Copper's Supply and you see that
it's going across here wait a a second
we are not seeing this is basically from
the current 2024 up until 2050 and what
they expect so the supply basically
doesn't increase in fact they expect it
to decrease over time and yet we're
going to need a lot more copper not a
little bit more copper a lot so what is
this here you got it as demand rapidly
increases copper miners may be likely to
benefit from the expanding Supply demand
Gap wind batteries solar they got
transport on here they got the Grid on
here okay starting to see that and then
construction electronics and other uses
yeah there is an issue here because as
they say the global electricity grid
they're going to need that
copper you got to understand this is
massive we are going to need to expand
the electrical capacity the amount of
energy that we can consume as a city as
a country all over the world we are
going to need to have that because of
artificial intelligence because of
people moving out of the rural areas
into you know just everything there's
just more more and more and
more that's the thing we're not having
like as we become more efficient and all
these things we're not using less energy
in fact we're using a lot more energy
and so we need this copper is massive I
did a video entirely about copper just a
few days ago I showed this you could see
where that copper is coming from you
have to know which country produces what
that is essential you've got some
countries that produce nothing basically
okay or they perhaps used to and now
today nothing if you look at um just
some examples you you wonder how how is
this country even there well a country
like for instance Singapore is relying
on the financial side they're relying on
external money it's a small country
though different scenario different
scenario right but they're doing well
Singapore so you just got to understand
what each country does they obviously
have to specialize in something if
they're coming up on the map what about
this look six new large mines need to
come online annually by 2050 to meet
Global comp demand that is massive and
of course how many are going to come
none right or of course some will come
but not enough not enough so you have
this big gap which has developed and
will continue to develop they're not
going to incentivize it we know that
they're going to incentivize you to
build the next Nvidia Nvidia is going to
see more of the money that flows towards
it investors are not going to look for
the next copper mine countries are not
going to fund the next copper mine
they're going to say hey Nvidia we love
you here's billions and trillions of
dollars so that creates a problem though
let's look at this the world's biggest
Hydro Powers look at China way way above
so yes they're using a lot of coal we
know that to be a fact but at the same
time let us not forget that they have a
lot of hydro all right so we need every
possible source of this and the
countries of course are pushing what
they are calling clean energy so we know
that we need copper for that we know
we're going to need lots of batteries
for that and this is one where we start
to shift into AI obviously Nvidia in the
news oh my goodness they can do no wrong
leather jacket man is here to save us
all ah yes typical data center without
AI demand 12 kilow data center
supporting AI in the training phase now
who knows what phase I'm assuming
they're mostly just doing training all
the time uh because they're trying to
accelerate their models but regardless
if you look at the comparison data
center supporting AI in inference phase
there's more like it uses more energy
regardless AI uses more energy I've even
seen like comparing a regular Google
search to the AI uh like a chat GPT and
it you do basically the same thing the
energy used is several fold higher for
AI so we know that there's more energy
being used than ever before the demand
supply and demand supply and demand
there should be Bells going off for you
okay you could see G7 countries agree to
phase out for unabated coal power and
other uh top energy stories in this uh
you know from your your friends at the
world economic Forum your your nice
friends they don't want you to own
anything by the way um but here we go no
you're not allowed to use coal
power supply and demand supply and
demand I'm trying to just just
continuously mention that in the future
not only will the power grid need to be
modernized and expanded to supply more
power but the political and public
pressure to make it environmentally
cleaner will likely be more powerful the
eia expects Global power generating
capacity to increase by 30% to
76% by 2050 given the size of the US
economy and the number of us dool
companies leading the global Ai and EV
Industries a good portion of the
increased Global power needs will likely
occur on us soil we need to have a lot
more power they're saying it's got to be
clean
Power Nuclear is going to win as a
result of this uranium being of course
front and center on on this channel I
have been covering the uranium story
since 2020 regularly those videos
regularly get the least views just like
probably this one here just like the
copper video I did a few days ago but
for those listening this is the big
stuff okay I'm always being accused of
oh you know you're just showing some
stuff I don't even get it because I'm
not you know these YouTubers out there
who are just like go to this ticker
symbol buy it okay like that if you
don't understand why I
mean just it makes you know they say
teach a man to
fish you got to learn why you got to be
intelligent about this or else you're
going to be led you're you're be led to
the
slaughter El estimated electricity
demand from traditional data centers
dedicated AI data centers and
cryptocurrencies 2022 and 2026 and you
could see clearly here that when we talk
about those AI data centers that there
will be adding more power demand okay
more electricity demand estimated data
center electricity consumption and its
share in total electricity demand in
select regions comparing that what you
need to know is that demand is going to
increase unless there is a global
recession depression that puts us down
for many many years then the demand you
know you could argue that there's going
to be a change here but regardless
countries across the world are embracing
nuclear or they're like going like you
know they're beginning the talks even
Japan my goodness the only one that
seems like Germany is saying uh no we
don't want nuclear all right let's just
hope everything with Russia goes okay I
mean I don't know what their plan
long-term plans are the long decline in
energy investment so this is like just
hammering it home like if I haven't done
that already just look energy and Tech
look at what's going on right trailing
12mon C capex capital expenditure look
at it looking at
this I mean you got a problem when the
money is not going into energy all the
money is going into Tech now I'm not
saying that's necessarily going to
change but there is a great disparity
between these two very big disparity and
some say that more money will fall into
energy because of the disparity
here and not that Tech Will necessarily
just suddenly just crash tomorrow but
that the next big thing is energy that's
the the AI trade that we haven't really
seen yet you see what I'm saying like
Okay the nvidias are there yeah we have
we have seen that but it's the energy
behind it that's actually going to make
it possible if at all you understand you
can't the the goals that leather jacket
man has suggested to everybody that
you've seen AI is going to AI is going
to tuck you into sleep at night well not
with enough electricity you got to see
that okay and of course at what
cost inflation re acceleration would
narrow The Tech versus energy gap so we
will see how that comes to be
right all right we got this just showing
you an update I believe I covered this
with the finance Friday crew and now
here's an updated chart just showing us
some of those you waited to the end of
the video so you get the tickers I know
what everybody wants I want the tickers
well here we go those are just a few I
showed those in the finance Friday crew
because they're willing to sit there and
you know actually sit with me for two
hours plus uh then they could you know
we can we can talk about this stuff but
anyway the point is you're looking at
the broad AI Power Up America that's
just one of the potential uh tickers
there as well as uh data center
equipment different ways to play it and
then you could see what has happened
over the last while since I covered it
yeah they've gone up okay this this is
one point that I'm just trying to make
like look at what has happened I've been
covering this I've been showing this and
here we are okay if you want to know
more about the finance Friday shout outs
to the crew um if you want to have
anything to do with that you're just
interested like what's this guy talking
about link is in the top of this
description I want to tell you that if
you appreciate this information just hit
that thumbs up button that's all I ask
okay one button helps to support the
channel helps to notify the algorithm
and as always I'll see you tomorrow take
care